Welcome back.
In this video we're going to discuss in different ways in which we can test our code.
The first method we're going to be discussing is one called test driven development or TDD.
The idea with TDD is that you actually write your test before you write your application code.
This is a stark contrast to other testing methodologies which involve writing code and then testing
it with test driven development.
We follow a pattern called Red Green.
Refactor what this means is that we develop products by starting with the tests we first write the tests
for our code.
Since we don't have any code yet these tests should fail after we see the tests fail.
We write the code necessary to pass the tests.
We then refactor our code as needed.
As long as the tests are still passing we can be reasonably confident that we aren't introducing new
bugs into our program as our applications grow larger and we add more features.
We will still have a solid suite of tests which ensure that we are not adding additional bugs to our
application.
Test driven development is not something that is universally accepted.
But it is a popular testing methodology and proponents of TDD will admit that even though the development
process may be a bit longer with writing tests first the code written is much more likely to be bug
free and maintainable as the code base grows.
If you take a look at the jazzmen website one of the first things you'll see is that it is a behavior
driven javascript framework jazzmen even describes itself as a BTD framework.
So what's the idea of behavior driven development or BDD TDD is actually a subset of TDD.
The two ideas are not mutually exclusive.
You can have behavior driven development without test driven development and vice versa.
The idea behind behavior driven development or BDD is that when writing tests we describe the behavior
of our functionality and not just what we expect the result to be.
When you use functions like describe it the first parameter to each of these is a string for how we
want to describe the behavior of what we are testing.
BDD involves being verbose with our style and describing the behavior of our functionality.
This is helpful when testing the design of some software instead of just testing or describing the expected
output.
We can be much more descriptive in our tests in the next video we'll talk about some other forms of
testing and recap everything we've learned so far.
See the.